= Hubstats
Hubstats is a rails plugin which allows you to search and monitor pull requests made across a collection of repositories. It also gives extra statistics about users and pull-requests not found on GitHub.


= Setup
 Run rails generate hubstats:install
 Run rake hubstats:install:migrations
 Run rake hubstats:setup to run the necessary migrations and start pulling data from github.
 Add 'mount Hubstats::Engine => "/hubstats"' to your apps routes file

=Configuration
== Authentication
Hubstats needs github credentials to access your repos, these can be setup in one of two ways. 
=== octokit.yml
Add your GitHub API token or ClientID and Secret to octokit.yml
=== Environment Variables
Hubstats can also use OAUTH access tokens stored in ENV["GITHUB_API_TOKEN"] or for Application Authentication in ENV["CLIENT_ID"] and ENV["CLIENT_SECRET"], if for some reason you don't want to store them in octokit.yml.
==Webhooks
Hubstats uses GitHub webhooks to keep itself update. It requires you to set a secret as well as an endpoint to push to.
To generate a secret run:
 ruby -rsecurerandom -e 'puts SecureRandom.hex(20)' 
Set the endpoint to be:
 www.yourdomain.com/hubstats/handler
==Repositories 
Hubstats needs to know what repos for it to watch. You can set it to watch either an entire organization or a list of specific repos in octokit.yml.


=TL:DR
  rails generate hubstats:install
  configure octokit.yml
  rake hubstats:install:migrations
  rake hubstats:setup
  Add 'mount Hubstats::Engine => "/hubstats"' to your routes file

This project rocks and uses MIT-LICENSE.
